README.md, before:

# Detect Changes in Mono-Repo

A GitHub Action that detects changes in multiple modules within a mono-repo by comparing folder hashes between commits.

## Inputs

- `modules` (required): Space-separated list of modules to check for changes
- `python-version` (required): Python version to use

## Outputs

- `changes`: JSON object containing change status for each module

## How it works

This action:
1. Checks out the repository with full history (`fetch-depth: 0`)
2. Sets up Python 3.11
3. Runs a Python script that compares folder hashes between commits to detect changes
4. Outputs change status for each specified module

## Example Usage

```yaml
jobs:
  detect-changes:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4
        
      - name: Detect Changes
        id: detect
        uses: cham207388/detect-changes@v5
        with:
          modules: "frontend backend api"
          python-version: "3.11" # optional, default is 3.11
          # base-path: "" # optional, default is empty
          # setup-python: "true" # optional, default is true
      - name: Use change detection results
        run: |
          echo "Changes detected: ${{ steps.detect.outputs.changes }}"
```

## Author

Alhagie Bai Cham

Commit message:

no need for python setup

README.md, after:

# Detect Changes in Mono-Repo

A GitHub Action that detects changes in multiple modules within a mono-repo by comparing folder hashes between commits.

## Inputs

- `modules` (required): Space-separated list of modules to check for changes
- `python-version` (optional): Python version to use
- `base-path` (optional): Base path where modules are located (e.g., "modules" for modules/service-a)
- `setup-python` (optional): Whether to setup Python (default is true)

## Outputs

- `changes`: JSON object containing change status for each module

## How it works

This action:
1. Checks out the repository with full history (`fetch-depth: 0`)
2. Sets up Python 3.11
3. Runs a Python script that compares folder hashes between commits to detect changes
4. Outputs change status for each specified module

## Example Usage

```yaml
jobs:
  detect-changes:
    runs-on: ubuntu-latest
    steps:
      - name: Checkout code
        uses: actions/checkout@v4
        
      - name: Detect Changes
        id: detect
        uses: cham207388/detect-changes@v5
        with:
          modules: "frontend backend api"
          # python-version: "3.11" # optional, default is 3.11
          # base-path: "" # optional, default is empty
          # setup-python: "true" # optional, default is true
      - name: Use change detection results
        run: |
          echo "Changes detected: ${{ steps.detect.outputs.changes }}"
```

## Author

Alhagie Bai Cham
